all right folks welcome back
this is episode
number eight
applying institutional order flow to
forex markets
all right folks welcome back
taking a look at trading view and i
promise this is going to be a really
short one tonight
um
let's go to euro
and whenever i'm looking at data from
trading view this is the
data feed i use for
forex pairs only forex.com i don't want
definitely not them
all right so we have the daily chart up
for euro yen
just so you know i hate the end pairs i
can't stand them
but
but for the sake of completeness
this is how you would
look for these types of patterns in
forex
now i have lots of feedback in the
comments section that
you don't get to see but it's really
just for me i get a lot of requests
whether or not this is
appropriate to be using for higher time
frame charts and i think daily charts
are
what everyone classifies a higher higher
time frame chart so
i want you to take a look at shark fry
do any mock up on it
pause the video if you're not ready
still don't pause it to you
all right take a look at the
relative equal lows over you see that
it's gonna go
quick and dirty tonight
right and dirty
all right so we have
relative equal lows
marked out over here the market has
traded down through
and created a run higher
now here is why i do not like the end
pairs okay i get questions all the time
why don't you like again pairs icd they
move around nice they do this they do
that
they tend to have like a double
return to a specific level i like to see
and you're going to see it right here
okay
swing high
the market rallies through that
there's no
fair value out there
it drops back down in
then it runs again taking out this
swing high so we have two
points of market structure that have
moved to the upside in order its price
is traded above it
now this leg here
you want to go back through that
and see is there a fair value gap
well we have one
and two
market trades down into it here
sends it higher
what's above here buy side liquidity
this old high back here could be a draw
on liquidity as well so there's gonna be
buy stops whether it trades there or not
it's irrelevant okay
it's likely to draw to it
just like you know
playing horseshoes you play the game
horseshoes
not every single time you throw a
horseshoe is it going to go on that post
but it's still fun to play right so
you're aiming at that post whether you
hit that post or not and this would be
like the post in the game
playing horseshoes you're just aiming
for it
now obviously we started trading a new
day here but this candle which was the
10th of february 2022
this daily candle
we could trust that this was likely to
go higher because we went up we've
consolidated
and then start another run into this
high here
again whether it trades through it or
not it's irrelevant okay because even a
failure swing to get above old highs if
there's enough range from being right
here at the open to reaching up to here
that's enough to take a stab at it and
see if you're going to get any kind of
yield
so that's an example of it occurring on
a daily chart but i want to go into this
very day right there okay the 10th
so we're going to drop down into a 15
minute time frame
all right here's a 15 minute time frame
and
we're going to mark up our chart
midnight new york time
rocket rallies in here
yeah
and then we go into the
new york session right here
so we're going to go into this
price structure
and fair it out
the run that occurred in here
so i'm going to
put a rectangle in this area so that way
we know what we're looking at relative
to this 15 minute time frame
you guys ask why i do powerpoint slides
this is the reason why
it makes it a lot easier to go right to
what i'm looking for
all right we're gonna drop down to a
five minute chart
okay
and if you take a look at
seven o'clock in the morning
10 o'clock in the morning
that's your new york
ict killzone okay that's the time of day
that new york session trades form
i have more information in that regard
for
time of day
for forex in this
channel i said lots of videos lots of
topics and things you can explore i
don't want to beat it to death because
i've already done in other places but
just know that seven o'clock in the
morning 10 o'clock in the morning new
york time again
on trading view you need to have it
toggled to that everything else
it'll be wrong
all right so here is the time of day at
the forming of a new york setup
forms all right so we have the market
trading down
takes out a swing low trades down below
that
and then punches higher
right above this swing high
inside this price like right here is
there a fair value gap we're going to
start breaking it down top down from
five minute
top down
we're gonna break it down from the five
minute down to the one minute chart so
from this low
up to this high
right in there that's we're gonna
study on each new time frame so i'll go
down to three minutes
okay so in this price leg here do we
take out a swing low yes we trade down
below swing low
does it take out a swing high
here
yes it does so now we have a valid
condition to see if there's a trade
go back through this price leg
is there a fair value got
right in here
and this one here
so remember i was teaching you it could
stab down there just be mindful of that
but
try to get your entry in on that one
there
and that's what we have here trace that
to it there
now the question is going to be is how
far
will it trade to because we're not
looking at anything over here because a
middle of the range type idea so for
expansion type moves practical lesson
tonight where if we don't have a range
to trade inside of
how do we anticipate how far can trade
up or trade down in this case we're
looking for a long
where would our targets be because the
old high is over here
now i'm sure if we went to a hard time
frame keep looking to the left we'll
find something
but a real easy way
is to take
your price
leg over here see this swing low break
prior to this run up then we
consolidated drop down create a discount
and then create our retracement rally
and start to run up into these highs
how can we know
well i like to take a fib
anchor it
let go of my
and anchor it to
a previous swing okay so from this low
that is high
after we leave this consolidation it
starts to trade higher
um standard deviation negative one
and i got a lot of questions you know
what's my setup for my fib i actually
show that on the ote primer video so
you're welcome to take a look at that on
the youtube channel as well
133.153
and
that's not that
let's see
hi is 133
15 and three so right to the right to
the point that you'd be looking for
and then
we've seen it received from that
okay
so
obviously when i show example like this
makes me want to trade me in
but i hate this pair i can't stand
there's other markets that
can scratch my itch for 4x but this one
is not one i like to trade
but
i wanted to come out tonight and kind of
give you
a quick view of what you could do with
these
markets using the model okay
there is a approach that you can use
with the london session okay and london
would be marking up your vertical lines
relative to new york local time two
o'clock in the morning to five a.m so
you'd have your your bracket so your
operating hours would be hunting the
setup
for new york between seven o'clock in
the morning and ten o'clock
local new york time
for london session trades
you would look for setups that would
provide you a way to trade a fair value
gap between two o'clock in the morning
and five o'clock in the morning okay and
that's as easy as i can make it for you
it's simple and any additional
information you would want to have i
have absolutely covered it in other
videos in this youtube channel okay so
it's predominantly a forex channel and
it's only been recently with the 2022
mentorship i'm talking and teaching
about the stock indices so
i got a lot of requests for 4x so here
you go it's
simply applying what you've been trained
with the futures indices
but
just applying it to the forex market but
applying it to the time of day relative
to
new york
or london and yes you can take trades in
asia yes you can take trades in london
close
but i'd prefer to have you just trade on
these two time frames here or time of
day rather
being new york open which is what's
being shown here seven o'clock tomorrow
ten o'clock in the morning new york
local time again always i can't say it
enough because if you don't do this
and you just have it set to your local
time
it won't work
but it's new york local time on trading
view
seven o'clock to ten o'clock this is the
time when you're hunting the setup okay
so
in summary
we can anticipate this market going
higher why because the euro dollar is
going higher
you can also
check it by going to let's go to daily
chart
first
and you can go to
6e which is euro futures
and let us use the front month
continuous
okay you can see how euro
where has it been going
so has it been going lower or higher
clearly going higher
what has
the yen been doing
so when you look at forex pairs you want
to look for that relationship between
the
instruments that make up your pair
so euro yen euro is strong yen is weak
so what would that mean for euro yen it
would mean that
if your bias is bullish
and you have this
underpinning
between euro and yen
it's going to make this pair go higher
it's a real simple way of looking at how
to determine
these exotic crosses okay and how to
frame the logic behind whether it should
go higher or lower
and then apply time today wait for the
pattern i'm teaching you
and you won't need to do anything else
you don't need to buy a subscription to
anybody's services you don't need to
learn anything else you don't have to
buy any courses it's all right here for
free and
it works
until i talk to you next week enjoy
weekend and be safe